Oracle EBS - CONN-3713 | Logging (#443)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/oracle/oracle-ebs-connector.adoc

= Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1 Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Premium]

> Anypoint Connector for Oracle E-Business Suite (Oracle EBS Connector) provides real-time connectivity to query and update Oracle EBS using web services and message queues. The connector has been developed for the Oracle EBS v12.1.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for Oracle E-Business Suite (Oracle EBS Connector) provides real-time connectivity to query and update Oracle EBS using web services and message queues. The connector is intended for use with Oracle EBS v12.1.x.
```

== Prerequisites

> This document assumes that you are familiar with Oracle EBS, Mule, Anypoint Connectors, Anypoint Studio, Mule concepts, elements in a Mule flow, and Global Elements.

Reviewer: GLOBAL in template:
```suggestion
You are familiar with Oracle EBS, Mule runtime engine (Mule), Anypoint Connectors, Anypoint Studio, Mule concepts, elements in a Mule flow, and Global Elements.
```

*** Update Org Contact +
*** Update Org Contact Role +

== Connect in Design Center

> . Select a trigger. You can use this connector as the trigger, or an HTTP Listener or Scheduler trigger. For

Reviewer: GLOBAL and in template, if any list items are still longer than one sentence or fragment:
```suggestion
. Select a trigger. 
You can use this connector as the trigger, or you can use an HTTP Listener or Scheduler trigger. For
```

JMS, you need to supply drivers that come with your Oracle software.
+

> The Oracle EBS Connector provides these operations to trigger an app when information arrives from Oracle EBS;

Reviewer: GLOBALLY remove "the" from before either long or short prod name:
```suggestion
Oracle EBS Connector provides these operations to trigger an app when information arrives from Oracle EBS:
```

+
* Business Events Source
* XML Gateway Outbound Source
+

> . In Flow Designer, click *Click here to set it up*, browse for, and select the driver for this connector on your file system, and upload it. Alternatively, search for and select a driver that is already uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Flow Designer, click *Click here to set it up*, browse for and select the driver for this connector on your file system, and upload it. 
Alternatively, search for and select a driver that is already uploaded.
```

> . Different kinds of set ups can be created, depending on the operations you wish to perform.

Reviewer: This is not a step and should not be formatted as one.

** Host: Host of the Oracle EBS instance.
** Port: Port of the Oracle EBS web services.
** SSL: If enabled, will make calls using HTTPS instead of HTTP.

> ** TrustStore file name: The custom Trust Store file for HTTPS calls (optional).

Reviewer: GLOBAL CHANGE TO ALL LIST ITEMS, here and in template:
```suggestion
** TrustStore file name
The custom Trust Store file for HTTPS calls (optional)
```

** TrustStore password: The password for the TrustStore (optional).

> ** Disable Common Name Checking: Disables common name (CN) checking on SSL certificates (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Disable Common Name Checking
Disables common name (CN) checking on SSL certificates (optional)
```

** Responsibility Name: The responsibility name that is needed to execute the operation.
** Responsibility Application Name: The application short name that is needed to execute the operation.
** Security Group Name: The security group key of the Oracle EBS instance (optional). Default value is STANDARD.
** NLS Language: The NLS language of the Oracle EBS instance (optional). Default value is AMERICAN.
** Org ID: The organization ID of the Oracle EBS instance (optional). Default value is 204.
+

> .. To use the connector to subscribe to Business Events or to the XML Gateway queue, create a JMS configuration. This one supports two connection types: one where you set the database URL as a whole, and one to define it as individual parameters:

Reviewer: DITTO:
```suggestion
.. To use the connector to subscribe to Business Events or to the XML Gateway queue, create a JMS configuration. 
This one supports two connection types: one where you set the database URL as a whole, and one to define it as individual parameters:
```

Reviewer: I am seeing substeps and sublist items, which indicates an awful lot of information nesting.
When you have the time, try to rework topic organization so that this does not happen, perhaps by promoting topics or breaking up complicated tasks into subtasks.

+
image::oracle/oracle-ebs-select-connector.png[Select connector as a Design Center Component]
+

> . Pick an operation. For example, Get Party Site:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Pick an operation: for example, Get Party Site.
```
Why the colon? This is not followed by a substep or other subordinate element.

+
. Configure the fields:

> .. Id: TCA identifier for the Party site business object.

Reviewer: These should be sublist items (**), not substeps(..):
```suggestion
** Id
TCA identifier for the Party site business object
```

> .. Orig Sys: Party site original system name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Orig Sys
Party site original system name
```

> .. Orig Sys Ref: Party site original system reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Orig Sys Ref
Party site original system reference
```

=== Add Libraries for This Connector

> To subsribe to business events or to the XML Gateway queue, the JMS Configuration requires two external libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To subscribe to business events or to the XML gateway queue, the JMS configuration requires two external libraries:
```

http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core 
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core/current/mule-ee.xsd">
	<oracle-ebs:web-services-config 
		name="OracleEBS_Web_Services" 
		doc:name="OracleEBS Web Services" >
		<oracle-ebs:web-services-connection 
			username="${username}" 
			password="${password}" 
			host="${host}" 
			responsibilityName="${responsibilityName}" 
			responsibilityApplicationName="${responsibilityApplicationName}" />
	</oracle-ebs:web-services-config>
	<flow name="ebs_testFlow" >
		<scheduler doc:name="Scheduler" >
			<scheduling-strategy >
				<fixed-frequency frequency="30" timeUnit="SECONDS"/>
			</scheduling-strategy>
		</scheduler>
		<oracle-ebs:get-party-site 
			doc:name="Get party site" 
			config-ref="OracleEBS_Web_Services" 
			id="1000"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="#[payload]"/>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

== Log PLSQL and Web Service Requests and Responses

To log the PLSQL interactions of the connector with Oracle EBS, configure the log4j2.xml file for the Mule app as follows:

[source,xml]
----
<AsyncLogger name="org.mule.service.http.impl.service.HttpMessageLogger" level="DEBUG"/>
----

> To log the Web Service interactions of the connector with Oracle EBS, configure the log4j2.xml file for the Mule app as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log the web service interactions of the connector with Oracle EBS, configure the log4j2.xml file for the Mule app as follows:
```
